Add  `OWC 2023` helper applications news post (#9511)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-06-08-osu-world-cup-2023-mapper-artist-applications.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu! World Cup 2023: Mapper & Artist Applications"
date: 2023-06-08 10:00:00 +0000
---

> Calling out any osu! standard mappers who think they have what it takes – The registrations for mapper and artist contributions for the osu! World Cup 2023 are now open!

Author: A blunder

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/OWC_Master_Logo.png)

For those of you who have been living under a particularly comfy rock for the past decade or so, the osu! World Cup is an official, country-based tournament supported by the osu! team, and for the last couple of years, it has used increasingly more bespoke maps made specifically for the tournament; some of which even feature completely new songs made by our very talented [featured artist lineup](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists), which include maps you might know, such as [seatrus - EXXTRA JUDGEMENT](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889132#osu/3890723), [Yooh - RPG](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1633250#osu/3333745), [II-L feat. amelie xoxo - THE EARTH](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889101#osu/3941094), [Camellia - OOPARTS](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1312143), and plenty more.

*They love capital letters, don't they? We should probably cut down on the amount of alphabet soup served at the next FA meeting...*

With the increasing amount of content created specifically for the tournament in mind, we have opened a few forms for those who wish to contribute to this ongoing effort.

## Mapper

> If you're an osu! mapper who is confident in your mapping abilities, is receptive to feedback and willing to shape their map to the tournament's needs, doesn't mind letter-shaped noodles, and would like to work on a map for the biggest tournament of the year, then head on over to [this registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfxQfsFZsSnrcqBN0tUPrlq0OczluC5yH9h1lUZF3x8pgCV9Q/viewform) and put your name out there for the organizers to see! Just make sure you do so before July 2nd, otherwise they might not be able to see anymore or something. You never know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an osu! mapper who is confident in your mapping abilities, is receptive to feedback and willing to shape their map to the tournament's needs, doesn't mind letter-shaped noodles, and would like to work on a map for the biggest tournament of the year, then head on over to [this registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfxQfsFZsSnrcqBN0tUPrlq0OczluC5yH9h1lUZF3x8pgCV9Q/viewform) and put your name out there for the organisers to see! Just make sure you do so **before July 2nd**, otherwise they may not be seen anymore or something. You never know.
```

## Artist

> If you're an artist or designer who wants to help with producing background art for upcoming osu! originals, make sure to fill [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1A-Yf7TUvwhniMPTqYL0l_7bLjvuIV5XRbzlz8_fW5nY/viewform), and we will reach out when the opportunity arises. This form does not have a time limit – art is always on demand to accompany our ever-expanding library of osu! originals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an artist or designer who wants to help with producing background art for upcoming [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals), make sure to fill [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1A-Yf7TUvwhniMPTqYL0l_7bLjvuIV5XRbzlz8_fW5nY/viewform), and we will reach out when the opportunity arises. This form does not have a time limit – art is always on demand to accompany our ever-expanding library of bespoke music.
```

> Spread the word to all your friends, and we'll see you... *ahem* meet you at the usual time of the year. Until then, stay safe!

Reviewer: guess we're moving away from "World Cup Staff"?

https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-10-11-MWC4K-2018-Grand-Finals-Recap
https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-12-20-osu-world-cup-2018-recap

"World Cup team" has also been used previously though (in a sentence)

https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-04-osu!taiko-world-cup-2021-staff-and-mapper-applications

```suggestion
—osu! World Cup team
```

Author: World Cup Staff feels a little outdated, we seldom use the term internally these days. "osu! World Cup team" feels like the preferred terminology to me, especially with the appearance of 3, 4 and even 5 digit-styled World Cup tournaments across all gamemodes
